1.Guideline 1.1 Text Alternatives
2.Name of the website we have checked:"http://translate.google.com":
  a."The language of the document is not identified." This should be either specified as English or it should not because
  the website is international.
  b."Missing form label." The text label for the main text area is missing. This means that the screen reader application will have a problem to quide
    the disabled user to the main core function of the website: The ability to write text and get it translated.
3.
4.Native application vs (responsive) Web application.
  a.Native application:
    -Advantage: have little overhead because the code is native, so the code runs buttery smooth.
    -Disadvantage: You have to know N programming languages if you develop your application on N phone platforms: Android, iOS, Windows Phone, etc.
  b.Web application:
    -Advantage: It takes less time to deploy an application because the code is written in JavaScript and JavaScript can run everywhere. As React-Native becomes more popular and powerful,
    it will be easier to write native applications using JavaScript.
    -Disadvantage: You need to write modules to have access to the phone's hardware. Those modules are built using native language. Until there are libraries for every phone feature,
    writing a web application for mobile will always have bottlenecks.
5.
6.We have found the following IP addresses:
  -'few.vu.nl': '130.37.164.154'. Found using the bash command: 'host few.vu.nl'
  -'cs.vu.nl': '130.37.164.154'. Found using the bash command: 'host cs.vu.nl'
  Both have the same IP address. This could cause a load of trafic to this link and hence slow down the speed of the site.
7.The main differences between ipv6 and ipv4 is that ipv4 is only limited to ~4 billions different addresses while ipv6 can hold up to 2<sup>128</sup>.
8.MIME types:
    -MIME stands for "Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions. It's a way of identifying files on the Internet according to their nature and format.
  For example, using the "Content-type" header value defined in a HTTP response, the browser can open the file with the proper extension/plugin.
    -Most common MIME text types: text/plain, text/html, text/xml, text/css, text/javascript
  https://www.sitepoint.com/web-foundations/mime-types-complete-list/
9.Methods GET and POST.
  a).GET:
    GET is used to retrieve data from the server
    GET requests can be cached
    GET requests remain in the browser history
    GET requests can be bookmarked
    GET requests should never be used when dealing with sensitive data
    GET requests have length restrictions
    GET requests should be used only to retrieve data
  b).POST:
    POST is used to send data to the server
    POST requests are never cached
    POST requests do not remain in the browser history
    POST requests cannot be bookmarked
    POST requests have no restrictions on data length
10.29698e66
